https://www.ippc.int/en/

IPPC Strategic Framework

As the only international standard setting body for plant health, the IPPC's strategy is to encourage collaboration among countries, to adopt and apply harmonized phytosanitary standards that protect plants from pests and ensure safe export and import of plants and plant products. The IPPC also aims to harness science and technology to protect plant health, promote more efficient international trade in plants and plant products and address global plant health threats such as climate change.

Currently, the IPPC Strategic Framework 2020-2030 provides the “blueprint” plan for the IPPC’s work programme to help contracting parties elevate their phytosanitary capacity by using the right tools and receiving the relevant technical support to advance plant health and respond to existing and emerging phytosanitary challenges. It reflects the strategic mission, vision and goal of the IPPC, and describes the operational elements that will help deliver these aspirations. The IPPC’s strategic framework also aims to boost food security, promote agricultural productivity of a thriving plant health community, improve global trade in plants and plant-based products and contribute to the attainment of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

The IPPC is the primary international treaty for protecting global plant resources (including forests, non-cultivated plants and biodiversity) from plant pests and for facilitating the safe movement of plants, plant products and other regulated articles in international trade. The core purpose of the IPPC is to prevent the international spread of plant pests and reduce their impact, but this only matters if it enables the achievement of broader outcomes. Achieving the purpose of the Convention contributes positively to outcomes that are important to the entire world. 

Mission 
Protect global plant resources and facilitate safe trade. 
Vision 
The spread of plant pests is minimized and their impacts within countries are effectively managed. 
Goal 
All countries have the capacity to implement harmonized measures to prevent pest introductions and spread, and minimize the impacts of pests on food security, trade, economic growth, and the environment.